[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to
win a tournament
that promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when Law
was captured by Doflamingo.
Meanwhile, at the coliseum,
the final battle of the
tournament is about to start,
with Sabo in Luffy's place.
[REBECCA]
That's not Lucy. Who is he?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O]
This is Rampart Tower, B-2,
in front of the
main dining hall!
I've confirmed it myself!
Straw Hat Luffy is
one of the intruders!
He's with Pirate Hunter Zoro!
And wait... Lady Violet!
There's another
swordsman, too! Ahhh!
[GYATS]
Lucy's really showing off!
[DOFLAMINGO] Straw Hat Luffy
broke into the tower?
And he's here right now?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Then, who the hell is that idiot
with the stupid disguise
fighting in the coliseum?
Can somebody tell me
what's going on?
[LUFFY]
"A Moving Castle!
The Top Executive Pica
Rises Up!"
Where are you, Mingo?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
Open Fire!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
[WICKA screams]
I have you, tiny friend.
Were you hurt?
[grunts] I'm fine, thank you.
Kin'emon. Take care
of her, okay?
Uh. But Sir Zoro, I must
find my friend Kanjuro.
To that end, I will leave here
and go to the Toy House.
That's where Operation SOP
is happening
with the other Tontatta.
So I need to go there as well!
[KIN'EMON]
I see! Then go we shall!
Sir Zoro, my path is clear.
We will be taking our leave now.
Fine by me.
Now, where is this "Toy House"?
It's down. Far.
I see. What is our path?
Maybe we could use
those stairs, there.
Good, then! Now I can
proceed with confidence.
You should hide away,
so as not to fall out.
[WICKA]
Wait! No! You'll get lost!
Sir Luffy, I go. Farewell.
Sir Zoro, Madam Ninja.
Stay strong.
--[cannon fire]
--[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES chatter]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L] Straw Hat
Luffy is currently in B-1
of the Rampart Tower!
Which way?
The left.
[LUFFY] I'm comin' Mingo,
the coast is clear!
[ZORO]
Guess security can't keep up.
[LUFFY gasps]
Uh, that's weird.
[VIOLET, ZORO]
Huh...?
What's with the wall?
A face?
It's huge!
A wall monster?
Not quite! It's Pica!
[LUFFY]
That's a dude? What's his deal?
[VIOLET] He's a Top Executive.
A Stone Assimilation Man.
[ZORO] Great, and we
get to deal with him.
He's a power holder. He ate
the Stone Stone Fruit. Y'see?
So he controls the walls?
He just looks like a bunch
of bricks, if you ask me.
Hey, buddy, you really
a person or what?
Well, answer the question!
And stop staring!
You can talk, can't you?
[ALL grunt]
We're dead if that guy hits us.
How d'you even fight back?
[LUFFY] We gotta try somethin'!
He's blockin' our path!
I don't care what kinda
fancy title you've got!
I'm gonna kick Mingo's ass,
no matter what!
Get outta my way!
Gum-Gum... Jet Gatling!
[LUFFY yelling]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Heh. There! Easy! C'mon!
[ZORO]
That didn't take much.
[ALL gasp]
[ALL gasping]
Back for more, huh?
[VIOLET] The Top Executives
are in a class of their own.
This is why I tried to
avoid a confrontation.
So he's not just a guy
made of bricks.
He can merge with stone
itself and control it.
Then it becomes his own body.
Which means the palace itself
has become our enemy!
Uhh.
[LUFFY]
The walls!
[VIOLET, ZORO gasp]
[LUFFY screams]
C'mon! C'mon! C'mon!
Buncha suckers!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES grunting]
Stop shoot-eeeen us!
Hey! Punks! Lay off!
What's the big idea, huh?
This is our territory,
understand? Quit butting in.
We're not shooting at you.
Our target is Cyborg Franky
of the Straw Hats.
If you don't wanna get shot,
then move! It's easy!
Think you can tell me
what to do?
You're even dumber
than you look.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE B] He's brushing his
teeth with a shoe brush?
[MARINE C]
No! With two of 'em!
Señor here
is an Executive of the Don
Quixote Family, you know!
[WOMEN]
And that means he's strong!
[SEÑOR] It doesn't matter
if I'm strong or if I'm weak.
You don't come into a man's
home and disrespect him.
Now get out of here,
ladies, I don't need you.
[WOMEN] Ohh! Scold us some more,
Señor Pink! You're so manly!
I don't care what your title is!
No one stands against the Navy!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[BASTILLE] Hold your fire.
We didn't come here to pick
a fight with the Family.
Issho and Doflamingo
reached an agreement
regarding our... involvement.
All right, fine.
I don't much care for this, but
I don't second guess my boss.
[WOMEN]
Aw! How polite of you!
[sings]
Now is not the time for that!
Sorry, but I was gettin'
super bored over here.
[guitar plays]
You wanna hear my song?
I call it "The Pirate Blues."
[PIRATES, MARINES]
No thank you!
Listen up, men!
Get ready for a full-scale
charge on my command!
Cyborg Franky must be captured,
and if you can't do that
then we'll turn the
bastard into scrap!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Well, I'm ready!
Actually, I'm super ready!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE J]
He's swimming!
[MARINE I]
In the ground?!
[WOMAN D gasps]
Señor! Lovely form!
You must be tired!
[SEÑOR sighs]
My brow is a bit sweaty.
[WOMEN gasp]
The Navy talks a big game, but
let's see how much they can do.
[WOMEN]
So hard-boiled!
Heh. Navy couldn't resist
joining the party, huh?
Well, that's fine by me.
I came here to start a ruckus
and that's what I'll do!
Start with Weapons Left.
[MARINES scream]
Next up. Franky...
Rocket Launcher!
Don't flinch! Fire!
[MARINES yelp]
Huh. Tough guy!
All those enemies
and that cyborg ass of his
ain't budging one inch.
He's got guts.
I'll say that much.
It's time to try out
our new toy!
[MARINES]
Sir!
Oh? You trying out a
new cannon over there?
Well! Sounds like fun.
Let's see!
[MARINE L]
Fire!
[FRANKY groaning]
Wow! It worked!
We set him on fire!
[FRANKY groaning]
[FRANKY screaming]
Eat that!
[MARINE N] I don't care if
his body's made of steel
or whatever! No one can
handle that much heat!
[MARINE O] You think
he's gonna melt, or what?
[FRANKY groaning]
I'm dying...
Hey, gotcha.
[MARINES gasp]
Ha, ha! You really think
that's all it's gonna take?
The fire from those crappy toys
didn't even slow me down.
In fact, I'm feeling just super!
[MARINE P]
Dammit!
Well, you did get my hair.
What look should I go with next?
Allow three seconds for styling.
[MARINES]
Eh?
[FRANKY]
This one? Nah...
Not feelin' it.
You know, this was good.
He's screwin' with us!
Don't worry,
I'm not runnin' away!
Smile! [chuckles]
C'mon! Don't get shy on
me now, boys. Let's party.
[BASTILLE]
Open fire!
[USOPP] Toys are coming out
one after the other!
Sugar is making them.
We were right.
She's in the tower.
What are those tentacle
things up there?
[LEO] There's an exclusive
lift for the Executives
in the middle.
But those pipes on the sides
are where Big People and
broken toys get tossed in.
[LEO] They all lead here,
but those giant chutes
can be found everywhere
in Dressrosa.
When someone falls through one,
they'll drop past us and
straight to a scrap heap
below the Executive Tower.
[USOPP whimpers]
[TOY MAN A screams]
Someone help!
[TOY WOMAN A screams]
[CAVENDISH]
Revolting!
First I'm thrown into
the garbage and now this?
What is this place?
[MEDIC A] You are the pirate,
Cavendish, correct?
[CAVENDISH]
Yes. That's right.
[MEDIC A] We need to do
an examination.
Why would you do that?
Clearly, I'm in perfect health.
[CAVENDISH screams]
[CAVENDISH] Ugh! What sort
of nonsense is this?
[CAVENDISH groaning, screaming]
[CAVENDISH] It seems
I've fallen into a trap.
And a slimy one, unfortunately.
Should have known
something was amiss
when they took me
to the medical room.
I wasn't even hurt, after all.
[TREBOL] It's not "slimy,"
you big silly. It's "sticky."
[gasps] Whoa. Hello!
What is this place?
[TREBOL laughs]
It's the Executive Tower.
Also, it's where toys come from.
Though outsiders
wouldn't understand.
But since you're here,
you're not really
an outsider, huh?
So we might as well
tell you the other name
we have for this special room.
Sugar! Tell him for me.
I don't care.
Why?! [cries]
Look what you did!
It's a double snot rope!
Just die. You're gross.
No! You die!
Sorry, but I don't take orders
from little brats like you!
[laughing]
Can you help me, kid?
I'm stuck.
Gotta get this
sticky goo off of me.
Huh...?
Here's your contract.
You will not do harm
to any human.
And you will follow all
orders from the Family.
I'm confused. And wait.
What happened to my body?
Change me back!
[TREBOL] Stop talking
and get to work, 'kay?
[gasping]
[CAVENDISH]
Huh? I can't talk!
Why am I obeying this idiot?
And you will follow all
orders from the Family.
[CAVENDISH]
The contract?
[laughing] One more thing.
Nobody remembers you!
Even I forgot who you
were a second ago.
Now, you're gonna work for Doffy
until you break down and
we have to throw you away!
[laughing]
[CAVENDISH]
How is this happening?
I'm some kind of toy slave?
[TREBOL] Keep walking straight
till you hit the port,
then get to work! [laughs]
Oh, new guy?
I'll show you where to go.
[CAVENDISH]
Is this a port?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE N]
Keep moving!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE M]
Here! Now get to work!
[CAVENDISH gasping]
[CAVENDISH]
I'm a pirate, damn it!
What kind of nightmare is this?
And how do I wake up?
[CAVENDISH gasps]
There. Your box. Now go.
[CAVENDISH]
No! These toys are creepy!
I don't want to be one of them!
And I especially don't want
to slave away until I die!
[SAI] So this is where
they trade the weapons
to the warring nations.
But I'm powerless to stop it!
I'm helping them!
[HACK] This is just the lead
we were looking for!
If only I had a
transponder snail!
Koala's waiting for me.
There must be some way
to regain control!
[ELIZABELLO]
Curse you, Doflamingo!
I'm the King of Prodence!
"Work as a toy
until I break down"?
Is that a joke?
Somebody help me!
[USOPP]
Sneak, sneak.
[ROBIN] That must be Sugar
talking to Trebol.
[USOPP]
She really is a kid.
[LEO]
In appearance.
Anyway, we know
she loves grapes.
She eats them constantly.
And why do I care?
[LEO] We have a plan.
And a secret weapon!
Looks like a grape but it's
a clump of Tatababasco.
It's the hottest spice
in the world!
Hold on, you're gonna
make her eat it?
[LEO] We just have to
sneak it into the basket!
We tested it before on 50
people from our tribe.
All of them were knocked out
cold and 18 of them almost died!
[LEO laughs]
[DWARVES chuckle]
That sounds bad!
It better be! We can't
take any risks!
'Kay. Leo. Go. I'll be
watching you from here.
[LEO]
I feel stronger already!
[USOPP] If this goes south,
I'm cuttin' out!
Good luck, Leo!
[DWARVES cheer]
Shut up! Are you crazy?
Don't let Trebol notice you!
[DWARVES]
Be careful!
Hey, they're gonna hear you!
This is just the start.
Everyone, prepare yourselves.
The moment that Sugar screams
is the moment when
every toy in the kingdom
regains their human
form at long last.
And the other citizens will
reclaim their lost memories.
The truth of this land
will be revealed.
All of Doflamingo's evil will
be dragged out into the light!
We will save our friends,
and Dressrosa as well!
[DWARVES cheering]
I told you, you're too loud!
King Riku will claim this
kingdom once more!
[DWARVES cheer]
Please, shut up!
They're gonna hear you!
[NARRATOR]
As the suspenseful tournament
for the Flame Flame Fruit
continues to rage,
Burgess of the
Blackbeard Pirates
pits his deadly Shockwave Elbow
against Lucy's all-destroying
dragon power.
Soon, the crowd will witness
the immeasurable strength
of the man who will
inherit Ace's will!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Dragon Claw Strikes!
Lucy's Intimidating Attack!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!